Feat/doc (#1)
PlanktoScope/node-red-gui-refonte: README.en.md

## **Prerequisites**

**PlanktoScope**: Make sure PlanktoScope is correctly installed and accessible via SSH.  
**GitHub account**: A GitHub account is required to manage projects and access tokens.  
**SSH access**: You must be able to connect to your PlanktoScope via SSH to modify Node-RED configuration files.

## **Installation on the PlanktoScope**.

1. **Accessing the PlanktoScope V2 Dashboard** (in French)

After inserting an SD card containing the PlanktoScope image, the V2 dashboard is available online. You can access the PlanktoScope landing page at the following address:

**Landing page :** `http://<planktoscope-ip-address>`

From this page, several options are available, including :

* **Node-RED dashboard editor :** This link gives you access to the dashboard editor. This editor allows you to modify and customize the various elements of the dashboard.

> * **Node-RED dashboard:** This link takes you to the V2 version of the dashboard. However, please note that once you have installed version V3, this link will no longer work. To see the new version you'll need this one `http://92.167.184.163:1880/ps/node-red-v2/dashboard/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Node-RED dashboard:** This link takes you to the V2 version of the dashboard. However, please note that once you have installed version V3, this link will no longer work. To see the new version you'll need this one `http://<planktoscope-ip-address>:1880/ps/node-red-v2/dashboard/`.
```

## **Prerequisites**

**PlanktoScope**: Make sure PlanktoScope is correctly installed and accessible via SSH.  
**GitHub account**: A GitHub account is required to manage projects and access tokens.  
**SSH access**: You must be able to connect to your PlanktoScope via SSH to modify Node-RED configuration files.

## **Installation on the PlanktoScope**.

1. **Accessing the PlanktoScope V1 Dashboard** (in French)

After inserting an SD card containing the PlanktoScope image, the V1 dashboard is available online. You can access the PlanktoScope landing page at the following address:

**Landing page :** `http://<planktoscope-ip-address>`

From this page, several options are available, including :

* **Node-RED dashboard editor :** This link gives you access to the dashboard editor. This editor allows you to modify and customize the various elements of the dashboard.

> * **Node-RED dashboard:** This link takes you to the V1 version of the dashboard. However, please note that once you have installed version V2, this link will no longer work.

Reviewer: The existing version of the dashboard is actually v2, so we should call the new version (corresponding to this repo) version v3.

We also need to add the url of the new link to use once version v3 is installed.

<div style="display: flex">
    <p align="center">
        <img src="image-doc/Screen-11.png" alt="Screen 11" width="45%"/>
        <img src="image-doc/Screen-12.png" alt="Screen 12" width="45%"/>
    </p>
</div>

**Screen 11:** Once the dashboard has been reopened, node-RED tells you that there are some missing dependencies. Just go to Manage project dependencies.

**Screen 12:** Here you can see the two dependencies that node-RED offers. Just click on install, then Close, then refresh the web page.

<div style="display: flex">
    <p align="center">
        <img src="image-doc/Screen-13.png" alt="Screen 13" width="45%"/>
        <img src="image-doc/Screen-14.png" alt="Screen 14" width="45%"/>
    </p>
</div>

**Screen 13:** You should have one dependency left: downloadfile. Then click on Manage project dependencies.

**Screen 14:** Here you have the complete list of dependencies. You'll need to delete any that are no longer in use. In our case : 
- node-red-contrib-dir2files,  
- node-red-contrib-gpsd,  
- node-red-contrib-python3-function,  
- node-red-contrib-ui-multistate-switch,  
- node-red-dashboard,  
- node-red-node-pi-gpio,  
- node-red-node-ui-list

> Then go to the Install tab, search for and install the downloadfile module *(@prescient-devices/node-red-contrib-downloadfile).* Once installed, you'll need to refresh the page and your online V2 installation with github project is complete.

Reviewer: Try adding this dependency to the `project.json` file, and then maybe we can simplify this part of the readme.
